[Music]
gotta go fast
20 minutes ago an energy surge knocked
out power across the entire Pacific
Northwest this needs someone who can
figure out exactly what we're deep with
you're not suggest new I think you're
suggesting we have no choice
what are you in charge here yes I know
my mom mommy charge allow me to clarify
in a switch li ranked hierarchy based on
level of critical importance the
disparity between us is too vast to
quantify agent stone the doctor thinks
your basic listen pal I don't know if
you realize though sorry major what was
your name benjoe nobody cares
[Music]
meow basically it looks like I'm gonna
have to save your planet no but thank
you for asking
whatever this creature is our job is to
security neutralize it see what makes it
tick
[Music]
look at this I took 9 million steps
today
stay in there and be quiet how much
longer I keep three even here do you
have your child in that Bank no I mean
yes it's a child but it's not mine
it's not your child smells like bodies
bringing an old ham sandwich you can't
control yours
so new who can keep the stick
yourself
finding yourself there
[Music]